== README


* Ruby version: 2.2.1


Jeff's Bikes is a web application built to help my friend Jeff keep track of all of the bikes in his database.
It is build using Ruby on Rails, with Devise. It is a CRUD app utilizing MVC patterns, REST, and relational database.
For styles I am using sass, bourbon, and css. This is at the same time a fun project and a useful tool for a friend.




To play around you should just:
1. clone locally
2. run bundler
3. install figaro  `$ bundle exec figaro install`
4. in config/application.yml set the FACEBOOK_APP_ID: 'your facebook app id' and FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET: 'your facebook secret'

Then hack away! :)

Any questions? email me homestarflyer@gmail.com





Copyright (c) 2016 Jesse L Lawson


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
